                       TUNGSTEN REPLICATOR README
                   Copyright (C) 2011 Continuent, Inc. 
                             2 September 2011

1 INTRODUCTION

This release contains software for Tungsten Replicator, which
provides advanced data replication for open source databases.  This
software is released under the GPL V2 license, a copy of which is
located in the LICENSE file.  We also make use of other open source
products, which are listed with attribution and licenses in file
README.LICENSE.

2 DOCUMENTATION

Documentation for Tungsten Replicator is located on the Continuent website 
at the following URL: 

  http://www.continuent.com/downloads/documentation

Make sure you get the manuals for the Tungsten Replicator 2.0.4 or greater 
as the installation process has changed considerably since version 2.0.3. 

You can also find more information through the wiki, issues list, and mailing
lists accessible at the Tungsten Replicator project website, which is located
at the following URL: 

  http://code.google.com/p/tungsten-replicator

3 INSTALLATION

To install the replicator follow the steps shown below. 

  1.) Review the installation instructions in the Tungsten 
  Replicator Installation Guide.  

  2.) Run the 'tungsten-installer' script in the tools directory
  to configure and start Tungsten services for standard replication
  topologies.  

The Installation Guide provides additional information on installation
procedures. 

4 LIMITATIONS

Tungsten Replicator is certified for Linux platforms.  We also
develop and test on Mac OS X though we do not certify operation on
that platform.  Please check for other platforms.

For other limitations, check the release notes in the wiki. 

5 PROBLEMS

This is open source software.  Check the wiki, issues list, and
mailing lists to get help.

6 COMMERCIAL SUPPORT

Continuent offers support options for Tungsten Replicator.  To get
further information please see our website at please contact:

  sales@continuent.com

We offer both support as well as sponsored development of features.
Sponsored features go into open source, so that everyone can use
them.

7 CONCLUSION

Enjoy the software.  If you like it please let us and your friends
know.  If you don't like something, please file bugs so we can make
it better.
